# Solving the OWASP juice store.

Please note that this writeup has spoilers on how to solve the store's challenges. You have been warned.

I played around with this "challenge" before, but now that I'm doing my [eJPT]() and studying for the [CompTIA Network+](), I wanted to create better reports and put in the practice of correctly reporting my findings and then being able to explain them in simpler terms.

I'm launching the store via docker, that way I can just keep it running whenever I'm trying to solve all of the challenges. Speaking of which...

## Solved challenge **Error Handling** (Provoke an error that is neither very gracefully nor consistently handled.)

I know that there's a challenge area where you can see what you've done so far, and solved. However, in trying to find the page, I thought I'd check `robots.txt` first to see if I can quickly pull up the challenges path just in case they disallow it from being crawled. Instead, I found `/ftp`, something I had not seen before.

Going to `/ftp` I found a file server with multiple files. One of them was `eastere.gg`, which I opened and received an error: "Only .md and .pdf files are allowed!" The source was at `verify (/juice-shop/routes/fileServer.js:25:12)`. Going back to index I received a Challenge Complete for provoking an ugly error!

Now to go back and find that challenge screen... I think I'm going to be solving some challenges on the way.

## Solved challenge **Confidential Document**

Before I continued looking for the challenge screen, I kept poking around the `/ftp` page and saw a _acquisitions.md_ file that you can download. Gives you access to some "confidential" report that you shouldn't be able to see as a user, since it contains some secret information on a potential business plan.

##
